you guys how's it going this is a TV
stand I built probably two or three
years ago for my basement and although I
like the way that what's the stuff but
there's a few things I don't like about
it and the categories are one of those
they're just made that a pine they're
kind of like cheap feeling they got like
this Plexiglas cold in them what feels
cheap so I just want to call it what
something nicer to replace these
all right as you see I got all my stuff
in rails kinda with the rabbit in them
and now one thing I'm gonna show you
what I'm gonna do for joining it is
Morse intense style joint so for the
mortise I'm going to use my swamp order
sir which I'll put a link in the
description if you want to know more
about it but you can also just talk
about the material with the drill bit
and then kind of clean it up with a
chisel and as far as the tenon goes I'm
going to take a minute and show you guys
how I laid out for that tenon
all right the way for this 10 it's not
too difficult I got the style here and
my rail here and I placed a mark 3/4 of
an inch in from here which is going to
be the length of my tendon then all I do
is lay this right here lining up this
line with the edge of the board like so
and I mark here this is going to be for
one cheek and then I mark right here and
that will be the distance for my other
cheek so the depth of cut on this guy as
you can see on this one okay which would
be this would be the thickness I here
and the depth of cut on this one is
going to be which would be this guy here
is going to be the thickness of this
here
alright guys so I got all my Tenon's cut
on my rails and I realized I made a
pretty big mistake when I did the math
to figure out how long these had to be
and I took an account that I had to add
a 3/4 of an inch for the distance of my
tenon but what I didn't take into
account is the other 3/8 of an inch for
the thickness of the rabbit so as you
can see when you slide it in the rabbit
also takes away three-eighths of an inch
so all my rails are now three quarters
of an inch short so I have no choice but
to remake all of these which sucks
pretty bad by something in the world so
I'll go ahead and do that now
so the cheapest where I could find are
those like door mirrors you can get at
Walmart or whatever for about 12 bucks
and all I did is broke the frame off it
and then measured it what I needed
score with a glass cutter and snapped it
I seemed to work pretty good
hi guys I got the cabinet doors all
matted and I think I look pretty cool
this idea the possibilities are endless
is just a matter of picking out the
pattern you like and carbonado now if
you like this pattern go to and Venables
hall on the project's page I'm gonna
have the easel download there and you
can just hook it in the easel stretch to
the size you need and carve it out so I
hope you guys like this project please
like and subscribe and thanks for
watching